he knows he's got a 1vs1 this time
though because of the previous ganks
he's too far behind Pearson gets this
kill that was a perfect play on the
hunter he dodged from and completely
outplayed him in that situation working
his favor bunny foo foo is gonna try it
out of this one has total goes down all
techs still firing back a few shots as
he walks away but it's
he gets locked down was boy
of energized
more except for Pearson Helios tries to
get into the building
poor JJ takes another shot of flashing
all
from the laser double kill
the white no pretty low 3300 on that
they're gonna be forced to feel
a little bit of movement speed nice shot
coming out taking down ninja we're gonna
see serif going down as well PES is
gonna get ahead the bear doing a lot of
damage dyrus make that all in one day
walk toward the Jarvan Quattro connect
lism blocks of our routine wrist rubble
pills dyrus wall total very happy about
that
slide into double lip tries to cut off
another finger and he's going to succeed
what goes down I was overweight some of
their leads now they're all a bit of the
back foot Oh ultimate I still aunt iris
he's able to throw a scion Spartan back
it's still Tankian that women demon
Montero
back
side when it's a triple kill
the team was able to start it is gonna
be less boy going
that's the
get for the double bill and TSM and I'll
capitalizes
we have to flash a good set of our foods
by crossing special he
% or they find less boy as well a whole
bunch of birth mechanic at the rest of
it does Cyrus button up a bit Dominic
until on the left boy it's a five verses
4 i'll be in torun gonna get hit up with
Pearson flies one feeding to the front
line but look at the damage give it out
a better life
he's got nothing to do
now its enemy in the base on the full
screen
see both sides and brave fighting the
top by dsm turtling in ups going 1v1 bro
and it's going to be a great fight the
hamburger goes down along with the nexus
turret turtle coming up big in a solo
match in the next in the air
town but gsm is already won the fight in
the base go be so 75 seconds on each
timer his TSM's gonna be gunnin now for
the nexus that hard mode 999 is one that
is impossible to be to TSM turns that on
for the end of the game 57 minutes in
team solomid finally break the base and
take down enemy